# CS132: Submission Requirements

All submissions to CS132 needs to be a single Tar file that follow a set of
requirements:

1.  It MUST have your UID as name; example: `123456789.tar`.

2.  It MUST contain **ONLY** and **ALL** the source code and used to compile
    your program:
    
        $ tar -vtf 123456789.tar
        <main-class>.java
        other/packages/Used.java
        other/packages/My.java

    Espessially it should *not* contain any of the files generated by
    javacc or jtb. The files are listed in the `./misc/illegalfiles` file.

3.  Its contents MUST be able to build, and execute using the following sequence:
        $ mkdir -p /tmp/123456789
        $ tar -xf 123456789.tar -C /tmp/123456789
        $ (cd /tmp/123456789/ && javac <main-class>.java)
        $ (cd /tmp/123456789/ && java <main-class>)

4.  The content of the folder is tested using `Java SE 1.8.0_101`.

Notes for Windows Users: The commands described above should work on any of the 
UNIX SEAS machines that is available to you. If in doubt ask your TA.

## Testing and feedback

To make everything easier for you we have created this automatic tester,
packager, and pregrader. To use this helper tool, you can write your
code in `src/main/java`, and any unit tests you want in `src/test/java`.

1.  First of download and install 
    [gradle](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/installation.html).

2.  change `myUID` to your UID in `gradle.properties`, and the 
    `homework` variable to the current homework.

3.  build, and unit-test the code using `gradle build`.

4.  your submission file is in `build/distributions/<your-uid>.tar`

You can run the code directly using the `run` task:

    gradle run <testcases/hw1/test01

Finally to get a pregrade simply run `gradle pregrade`. The pregrader is
the grader that we will use to grade you, but more test-cases will be
added in the final grading.

NOTE: The current pregrade script uses bash, so you might have some
problems using Windows. 

